= Trpc =
https://trpc.io/

= Graphql =
https://formidable.com/open-source/urql/

= VIM Fugitive =
[cheatsheet vim]
- https://cheatography.com/jennings/cheat-sheets/vim-fugitive/

= Chalice =
[aws]
https://aws.github.io/chalice/index.html

= Make code screenshots =
https://carbon.now.sh/

= Soketi =
Just another simple, fast, and resilient open-source WebSockets server. 📣
https://github.com/soketi/soketi

= Snippets =
[nvim]
Need to checkout snippets how these work
https://github.com/L3MON4D3/LuaSnip/blob/master/DOC.md

= Dap =
[nvim plugin]
Need to check these out, breakpoint debugging in vim should be pretty cool, but
maybe won't work in aws serverless
- https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui
- https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-dap

Architect is a simple framework for building and delivering powerful Functional
Web Apps (FWAs) on AWS
https://arc.codes/docs/en/get-started/quickstart

Advanced motions plugin for vim
https://github.com/ggandor/leap.nvim

= Some nvim plugins for inspiration =
https://morioh.com/p/a7063de46490
https://github.com/RishabhRD/nvim-lsputils?ref=morioh.com&utm_source=morioh.com
https://github.com/weilbith/nvim-code-action-menu
https://github.com/anott03/nvim-lspinstall
https://github.com/alexaandru/nvim-lspupdate

= Git worktrees =
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uEqYw-N8uE
- https://levelup.gitconnected.com/git-worktrees-the-best-git-feature-youve-never-heard-of-9cd21df67baf

= Bun is a fast all-in-one JavaScript runtime =
- https://bun.sh/

Transfer files over Wi-Fi from your computer to a mobile device by scanning a
QR code without leaving the terminal.
https://github.com/claudiodangelis/qrcp

Other terminal apps to check out
-` fc`
-` batch`
-` ionice / nice`
-` cut / tr`
-` tree`
-` uniq`
-` stty`
- `dd`

= improve how you architect webapps =
https://www.patterns.dev/

= Ripgrep (rg) cheatsheet =
https://jdhao.github.io/2020/02/16/ripgrep_cheat_sheet/

= Checkov is a static code analysis tool for infrastructure as code =
https://github.com/bridgecrewio/checkov

= Supabase is an open source Firebase alternative. =
https://github.com/supabase/supabase

= Codeberg =
https://codeberg.org/

= TMUX = 
related info cheatsheet, tutorials etc
https://github.com/rothgar/awesome-tmux
https://thoughtbot.com/blog/a-tmux-crash-course
https://www.dbi-services.com/blog/using-tmux-for-semi-interactive-demos/

= Facebook path picker =
https://facebook.github.io/PathPicker/

Some cool reddit awesome lists
Learn anything subreddits
[learning]
https://github.com/learn-anything/reddit
https://github.com/iCHAIT/awesome-subreddits

List of public apis
https://github.com/public-apis/public-apis

This repo links to solutions of Projects written by other users in any language.
https://github.com/karan/Projects-Solutions

= Whiptail =
https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Bash_Shell_Scripting/Whiptail

A list of the most github stars and forks repositories.
https://github.com/EvanLi/Github-Ranking

Privacy Tools: Software Alternatives and Encryption
https://www.privacytools.io/

Podman is a daemonless container engine for developing, managing, and running OCI Containers on your Linux System.
https://podman.io/

Ebook registry ( no longer working )
https://z-lib.org/

Book summaries
https://www.blinkist.com/

Open Source realtime backend in, go golang
https://github.com/pocketbase/pocketbase

Investigate :g :global a bit more, super powerful
https://vim.fandom.com/wiki/Power_of_g

= Navi =
An interactive cheatsheet tool for the command-line.
https://github.com/denisidoro/navi

= jq =
a TUI playground for exploring jq. cli
https://github.com/noahgorstein/jqp

Diagnosing memory related issues in node
https://morioh.com/p/739d5995cc6b
https://blog.appsignal.com/2021/12/08/nodejs-memory-limits-what-you-should-know.html

Blog to check out
https://beabetterdev.com/

Serverless application patterns
https://serverlessland.com/

Vimwiki Command-Line Interface
https://pypi.org/project/vimwiki-cli/

Blog with some stuff about VIM
https://freshman.tech/vim-quickfix-and-location-list/

Vimspector A multi language graphical debugger for VIM
https://dev.to/iggredible/debugging-in-vim-with-vimspector-4n0m
https://github.com/puremourning/vimspector

Make your first contribution in open source
https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions

Dall-e
https://openai.com/blog/dall-e/

Satori: Library to convert HTML and CSS to SVG.
https://github.com/vercel/satori
https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/functions/edge-functions/og-image-generation

Rembg is a tool to remove images background. That is it.
https://github.com/danielgatis/rembg

A set of best practices for JavaScript projects
https://github.com/elsewhencode/project-guidelines

[[Some]] things on vim-fugitive
http://vimcasts.org/episodes/fugitive-vim---a-complement-to-command-line-git/

Public apis
https://github.com/public-apis/public-apis

Syncing vimwiki notes for updates on the move
https://old.reddit.com/r/vim/comments/fesy87/vimwiki_on_the_move/

= Vite =
Next Generation Frontend Tooling
https://vitejs.dev/
https://github.com/vitejs/awesome-vite#templates
https://codingwithmanny.medium.com/quick-jest-setup-with-vitejs-react-typescript-82f325e4323f

Run Node.js web applications and APIs using existing application frameworks on AWS #serverless technologies such as Lambda, API Gateway, Lambda@Edge, and ALB.
https://github.com/vendia/serverless-express

Zsh things I setup, good to go through these again in the futre
https://github.com/marlonrichert/zsh-autocomplete
Trying to get reverse history search on up working
https://superuser.com/questions/380657/history-search-backward-working-differently-in-zsh-than-in-bash
https://zsh.sourceforge.io/Doc/Release/Zsh-Line-Editor.html#History-Control
https://github.com/ricbra/zsh-config/blob/master/zshrc
https://wiki.debian.org/Zsh
https://ianyepan.github.io/posts/moving-away-from-ohmyzsh/

check this out, buffers with b] and b[ and I can use other easy toggles like
  this for tabs maybe t[ and t], this could be pretty cool
https://github.com/tpope/vim-unimpaired

= Vim links =
https://marcotrosi.tumblr.com/post/132493631843/vim-link-collection

Open source, getting started
https://www.codetriage.com/
https://rysolv.com/issues

Thinkpad buyers guide, for my next linux laptop
https://www.bobble.tech/free-stuff/used-thinkpad-buyers-guide

https://protohackers.com/

Git things to go through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecK3EnyGD8o

Vim search groups
https://twitter.com/vim_tricks/status/1604213731990286336?s=20&t=YY7lO0K6JE7RrFGIu75-Uw
https://vimtricks.com/p/vimtrick-insert-matched-pattern/

Cool looking blog
https://jtreminio.com/blog/running-docker-containers-as-current-host-user/

Openai cookbook
Might be good to check this out, see if there is anything I can leverage
https://github.com/openai/openai-cookbook

= Mutt =
Tutorial
https://brian-thompson.medium.com/setting-up-the-mutt-mail-client-with-protonmail-49c042486b3
https://gitlab.com/muttmua/mutt/-/wikis/MuttGuide/Introduction
https://gitlab.com/muttmua/mutt/-/wikis/ConfigTricks
https://gitlab.com/muttmua/mutt/-/wikis/MuttGuide

= Oil.vim =
A vim-vinegar like file explorer that lets you edit your filesystem like a normal Neovim buffer.
https://github.com/stevearc/oil.nvim

= Git-Sim =
https://initialcommit.com/blog/git-sim

= wezterm =
https://github.com/wez/wezterm

= Codewars =
https://www.codewars.com/

= Dredd =
https://github.com/apiaryio/dredd
