= Game loop =
- outside zone 
- inside zone  or safe zone
- crafting system

I was thinking there could be a limited amount of inside zones until whoever is
chasing you in the outside zone finally catches up for an end boss fight.

= Outside zone =
Top down view to race to next safe place. Not a combat area, maybe you're being
hunted or there is some danger and you need to get to the next safe zone which
are inside zones. 

I was thinking this could be where the game starts, and you start by being
chased into your first safe zone to spend the night where you can fight and
farm for things. 

= Inside zone =
Some sort of side scrolling, not sure yet 100%. With collection mechanics,
collecting items to use for crafting. Random spawns, maybe things that can be
'farmed' based on items you can make later or something like that. 

So inside zones can each be slightly different with different mechanics but all
on the same engine. Each level can start off with only a few stages and you can
go through them to farm or exit early to get items to use to craft better
weapons, traps or other gear.

Each inside zone allows you to fight less monsters or whatever the mechanic will be.

Could start with two inside zones, maybe one with more jumping and less
fighting and maybe some hard to get to spots to find the best crafting things
and one with more monsters more about combat to try and some basic different
types.

= Crafting system =
Craft items to improve and progress in other zones.

To start off we could just have craftable weapons instead of all craftable
items and maybe armour, and maybe some other items.

It'll be important to have many different systems for crafting because they are
they base of the game and it'd be nice to be able to edit many aspects of the
game.

It'd be good to have other systems in the game that help with farming more from
either previous inside zones or outside zones and like professions, that gives
the game a bit more open feel and allows for farming previous content.

= Character selection =
different starting sets of craftable items for different play styles maybe or
start with an amount of currency and buy your starter set
